[DOCS] Adds 8.4.3 release notes (#141808)
elastic/kibana: docs/CHANGELOG.asciidoc

// tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
There are no breaking changes in {kib} 8.4.3.
// end::notable-breaking-changes[]

To review the breaking changes in previous versions, refer to the following:

{kibana-ref-all}/8.3/release-notes-8.3.0.html#breaking-changes-8.3.0[8.3.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.2/release-notes-8.2.0.html#breaking-changes-8.2.0[8.2.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.1/release-notes-8.1.0.html#breaking-changes-8.1.0[8.1.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0[8.0.0] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc2[8.0.0-rc2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-rc1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-rc1[8.0.0-rc1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-beta1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-beta1[8.0.0-beta1] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha2.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha2[8.0.0-alpha2] | {kibana-ref-all}/8.0/release-notes-8.0.0-alpha1.html#breaking-changes-8.0.0-alpha1[8.0.0-alpha1]

[float]
[[fixes-v8.4.3]]
=== Bug fixes
Cases::
Fixes an issue where the recent cases widget shows cases from other solutions {kibana-pull}141221[#141221]

Discover::

> * Fixes scrolling prevented by Discover embeddable on touch devices {kibana-pull}141718[#141718]

Reviewer: Just to align wording with the 2nd Discover item
```suggestion
* Fixes scrolling prevented by saved search embeddable on touch devices {kibana-pull}141718[#141718]
```

* Fixes columns management for saved search embeddable {kibana-pull}140799[#140799]

Elastic Security::
For the Elastic Security 8.4.3 release information, refer to {security-guide}/release-notes.html[_Elastic Security Solution Release Notes_].

> Lens & Visualizations::

Reviewer 2: These are Graph fixes, not related to Lens & Visualizations

Reviewer 2: @KOTungseth could you change this section header to "Graph"
